create database HuellitasWeb;

use HuellitasWeb;

create table usuarios (idUsuario int auto_increment primary key,
nombreDeUsuario varchar(256) not null, contrase√±aDeUsuario
varchar(256) not null, preguntaSeguridad varchar(256) not null,
respuestaSeguridad varchar(256) not null);

create table CasasTransito (dni varchar(30) primary key, nombre
varchar(30) not null, apellido varchar(30) not null, telefono
varchar(30) not null, email varchar(50) not null, domicilio
varchar(50) not null, barrio varchar(30) not null, mascota varchar(1)
not null, transitar varchar(1) not null, horas int not null, edadMenor
int, cantidadAmbientes int not null);

create table Adoptantes(dni varchar(30) primary key, nombre
varchar(30) not null, apellido varchar(30) not null, telefono
varchar(30) not null, email varchar(50) not null, domicilio
varchar(50) not null, barrio varchar(30) not null, mascota varchar(1)
not null, adoptar varchar(1) not null, horas int not null, edadMenor
int, cantidadAmbientes int not null);

create table Voluntarios (dni varchar(30) primary key, nombre
varchar(30) not null, apellido varchar(30) not null, telefono
varchar(30) not null, email varchar(50) not null, domicilio
varchar(50) not null, barrio varchar(30) not null, rangoHorario
varchar(1) not null, edad int not null);

create table AdoptantesHistorias (id int auto_increment primary key,
cuerpo varchar(1100) not null, imagen mediumblob not null, fecha date
not null);

create table noticias (id int auto_increment primary key, titulo
varchar(150) not null, cuerpo varchar(1100) not null, fuente
varchar(100) not null, fecha date not null);

create table ArtPerroGato (id int auto_increment primary key, titulo
varchar(150) not null, cuerpo varchar(1100) not null, fuente
varchar(100) not null, fecha date not null);
